I will save you.
Ah!
i
Who said they didn't want to marry him?
This is Suez of Ghaith.
Without him, I will definitely take down Yan Ruoxue today
That's an extremely negative constitution
Use him to practice for ten years a day
I must get
Oh, dear.
Isn't this sister just trying to seduce me?
Why are you beating around the bush?
If only the former Master Su
I guess I will find you
But what a pity.
I'm really not interested in you
Hello brother yi
You are the crown prince of the young elf of the Su family
I don't need to target Brother Chen.
I know you're doing it because of me
I promise you.
I will start dating you tonight
Can you stop being so narcissistic?
Brother fart, it's useless for you to be stubborn
I know you well.
Doing so much just to get my attention
Are you jealous?
Ok ok hey
And I said, "Okay.
It's really a quilt that can't sleep two kinds of people
Are you and Ye Chen really a natural match?
You see, Brother Ye is still jealous and angry
Brother Ye, let's date
Go on a date with your brother Chen too
What a psycho!